Add ability to convert/parse CSV to store database documentation (#58)
intelie/gitbook-drilling: collector/configuration/store.json.md

> The `store.json` file is used by LiveRig Collector to organize the CSV data stream and OPC tags to be read from sources configured at `sources.xml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `store.json` file is used by LiveRig Collector to enrich some kinds of  basic source data streams configured at `sources.xml`.

In LiveRig Collector, two basic source data streams accept unit enrichment and exposure as WITSML, they are: CSV and OPC. 
```
